Licensing: update topic for new license mechanism (#8772)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Licensing/10 Validate Your License Key/25 Module Federation Specifics.md

In a Module Federation setup, configure the license key in all applications (host and remotes) that use DevExtreme components.

> For full instructions on setting up the license key with Angular Module Federation, refer to the following article:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For full instructions on how to set up the license key with Angular Module Federation, see the following article:
```
